feat(2652): use LLM to infer arg and field names (#2687)
tailcallhq/tailcall: src/cli/llm/prompts/infer_arg_name.md

> Given the sample schema of a GraphQL type suggest 5 meaningful argumnent names for it accoding to the base parent field name and each argument's type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the sample schema of a GraphQL type suggest {{count}} idiomatic GraphQL argument names for it according to the base parent field name and each argument's type.
```

The name should be concise and preferably a single word.

Example Input:
{{input}}

Example Output:
{{output}}

Ensure the output is in valid JSON format.

> Do not add any additional text before or after the JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
